Update 'how it works' for Password input (#3883)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/password-input/index.md

If you do choose to include two or more password inputs on a page, the ‘show’ and ‘hide’ toggles and labels for each password input must be different.

> For example, you can label the first input as “Password” with a toggle of “show password” and label the second input “Re-enter password” with a toggle of “show re-entered password”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can label:
- the first input as 'Password' with a toggle of 'show password'
- the second input as 'Re-enter password' with a toggle of 'show re-entered password'
```

If you do choose to include two or more password inputs on a page, the ‘show’ and ‘hide’ toggles and labels for each password input must be different.

> For example, you can label:
> - the first input as 'Password' with a toggle of 'show password'
> - the second input as 'Re-enter password' with a toggle of 'show re-entered password'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can label:

- the first input as 'Password' with a toggle of 'show password'
- the second input as 'Re-enter password' with a toggle of 'show re-entered password'
```
